doc(release): Prepare release notes for oss 22.10 (#2821)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.10/releases/centreon-os.md

## Centreon Web

### 22.10.15

Release date: `November 17, 2023`

#### Enhancements

> - [API] Added service search in hostGroups / serviceGroups endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Added the possibility to search for a service in hostGroups/serviceGroups endpoints.
```

#### Bug fixes

> - [UX] Fixed incorrect day displayed in calendar component.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UX] Fixed an issue where an incorrect day was displayed in the calendar component.	
```

> - [UI] Renamed "massive change" to "mass change" in the "more actions" selection box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UI] Renamed "massive change" to "mass change" in the "More actions" selection box.
```

> - [Recurrent Downtimes] Fixed downtime when it contains a service group and this service group is linked to a service template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Recurrent Downtimes] Fixed an issue that occurred when a downtime period contained a service group and this service group was linked to a service template.
```

> - [Ressources Status] Fixed list of resources when using h.alias filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ressources Status] Fixed an issue that occurred when using an h.alias filter on the list of resources.
```

> - [Packaging] Updated centreontrapd mode on debian central.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Packaging] Updated centreontrapd mode on Debian central.
```

#### Security fixes

> - [Security] Fixed SQLi in getHostServicesName method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed SQLi in a method.
```

> - Fixed potential vulnerability in listing of discovered hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed potential vulnerability in the list of discovered hosts.
```
